This file summurize the problems we face, the solution and the next steps : 

Compile correctely the duneuro again !! ... takfa
 
Write a documentation about the Duneuro/bst ... juan/takfa

genertae MEG binary files / write the cpp coe and run as what we have for EEG ...Juan

Which is the reference electrode

How to define the anisotropy for DN
  
How to define the level set with DN and hat are the main parameters

difference of the implemnation of the transfer matrix

What is the superALU ? how it works and is it available for windows

Compile DN again

Write the ladfiled matrix from DN as binary instead of the text file

Get a fixed and stable version

Generate the exe for linux and test on mac and linux envirenement

Write the bst tutorial and apply the FEM method similar to the openmeeg tuto : https://neuroimage.usc.edu/brainstorm/Duneuro#preview

Move to tetgen instead of iso2mesh for mesh generation

How the hole can affects the fem solution


what is the effect of the whole in the mesh

How about the isolated isles 


How to define the source space on the realisttic head model



difference of the implemnation of the transfer matrix
how to define he anisotropie
how do you define the level set approcah
how is the connectivity defined in the level set 
how do you define the conductivity anisotropy in the case of the level set?   
do you have any model available
it take to much time with the exe ... ~ 2 hours for the 8233 nodes and 32 electrodes 3 layer model

remove the spinal cord and the cerebellum from the NY or the SimNimbs model

It's much better to define source/dipoles under the cortex surfaces nodes than inder
 the facettes, this is related to my resylts observed on the effect of the monopoles position with the st venant method 

low amplitude stimulation data 
https://simnibs.github.io/simnibs/build/html/documentation/command_line/mri2mesh.html#mri2mesh-docs



The cross compilation of the dune neuros
The lack of documentation on dune but more with duneuro
Write the cpp codes in order to generates the exe for each steps.

Explain or document all the parameters used from matlab or from the *.mini file
Check the compilation for all platforms
•	Review the process of the Openmeeg
o	Include a template model FEM based (@default subject)
o	Which mesh (tetran hexa ….)
o	Which source (PI, Venant …)
o	Meshing models programs like vgrid, iso
•	Compare the results BEM/FEM
•	how to write the DN & BST matlab data structures to files
•	how to read the DN output files back into matlab,
•	Testing with practical datasets 
•	prepare a BST call to DN  (for EEG for now)
•	unerstand how to import a volume and generate a mesh for DN 
•	understand how to call DN works for MEG
•	Get the DN binaries running on the platforms


WARNING: You are using AMG without SuperLU! Please consider installing SuperLU, or set the usesuperlu flag to false to suppress this warning

